Added code for managed identity authentication (#73247)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql/database/connect-query-nodejs.md

      connection.execSql(request);
    }
    ```
> [!NOTE]

> > For more information using managed indentity for authentication follow the tutorial [access data via managed identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-web-tutorial-connect-msi).

Reviewer: Use relative links, when possible.
```suggestion
> For more information using managed indentity for authentication follow the tutorial [access data via managed identity](../../app-service/app-service-web-tutorial-connect-msi.md).
```
